Migrate change tracking from beta public site (#11147)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/change-tracking/change-tracking-cli.mdx

    --changelog string        a URL for the changelog or list of changes if not linkable
    --commit string           the commit identifier, for example, a Git commit SHA
    --deepLink string         a link back to the system generating the deployment
    --deploymentType string   type of deployment, one of BASIC, BLUE_GREEN, CANARY, OTHER, ROLLING or SHADOW
    --description string      a description of the deployment
    --groupID string          string that can be used to correlate two or more events
-t  --timestamp int64         the start time of the deployment, the number of milliseconds since the Unix epoch, defaults to now
-u  --user string             username of the deployer or bot
```

## Options inherited from parent commands

```
-a, --accountId int    the account ID to use. Can be overridden by setting NEW_RELIC_ACCOUNT_ID
    --debug            debug level logging
    --format string    output text format [JSON, Text, YAML] (default "JSON")
    --plain            output compact text
    --profile string   the authentication profile to use
    --trace            trace level logging
```

## List the changes you are tracking [#create-list]

> Once you've designated some changes you want to track, you can list them by running a GraphQL query in NerdGraph or you execute a query using NRQL in the New Relic UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've designated some changes you want to track, you can list them by running a GraphQL query in NerdGraph or executing a NRQL query in the New Relic UI.
```
